HyperFlex has existed as a Cisco product since 2016. Before we go into the roadmap and some of the upcoming features and functionality, this slide gives a high level overview of the current HyperFlex capabilities and key differentiators. Starting with the top row:
1. #1 Performance: Ever since the release of the product we have had the performance leadership which has been reaffirmed through countless partner and customer POCs and bake-offs. We have also been able to maintain this performance leadership through the releases. It is largely attributed to the proprietary, data-distributed approach of the hyperflex storage stack.
2. Data Management: Hyperflex was designed from the ground up for HCI and as a enterprise class storage stack. The log-structured filesystem that HyperFlex is built on allows for instantaneous snapshots and clones. In addition inline deduplication and compression are always on. They work with all HW configurations of HX and does not require any analysis in terms of when to switch on.
3. Seamless Scale: Scale has multiple dimension for Hx. HyperFlex can scale down, with Hx Edge, to the edge / ROBO to scale up to the largest of data centers with 64 node clusters. The unique data-distribution architecture ensures that even large clusters are always performance and capacity balanced – allowing all sizes of applications to run and take advantage of the superior performance and automation of the data-platform.
4. Next-Gen HCI: While early HCI solutions focused on converging storage and compute, true to our Cisco DNA, HyperFlex was the first HCI product to include networking and related end to end automation as part of the product. Even to this day this approach helps customers simplify the complexity around networking that is present in any datacenter.
5. Cloud Integrations: Integration into Intersight, the UCS cloud management platform, is a large part of the HyperFlex strategy – from simplifying management at scale to providing the additional value add through analytics and integration into support workflows. HyperFlex is multi-cloud ready platform due to the integrations with Cisco Cloud Center and App Dynamics.
6. Security: Security is not a feature – it comes from following a structured development methodology. HyperFlex follows the Cisco Security Development Lifecycle and leverages the Cisco security infrastructure to conduct regular security audits and for tracking exposure from common components and providing regular fixes. We also have a set of features (such as encryption) that addresses the key requirements for certain security conscious verticals.
7. HX is SW Defined by HW Assisted: We believe in unleashing customer value irrespective of whether it comes from SW or HW. HyperFlex runs on co-engineered HW + SW that is available in a wide range of configurations from hybrid (SFF & LFF), All Flash and All NVMe to meet different application requirements.
8. Data Protection: This is another key benefit of the log structured filesystem that Hyperflex is built on which enables enterprise class data protection solutions which include native disaster recovery as well as stretched cluster capability. HyperFlex also supports integration with a wide range of 3rd party integrations which includes: Veeam, CommVault and Cohesity.
9. Ease of Use: Simplicity is a key value of the product. We have tried to simplify all touch points that customers have with the product – from evaluation (HxBench), sizing (Hx Sizer and Hx Workload Profiler) to ease of install (Hx Installer) to ease of management (HXConnect, vCenter plugin and Intersight) to Day 2 operations such as upgrades and simplifying support workflows.
10. Global Support: Cisco TAC is an award winning support organization with a global reach which is especially valuable to larger customers who may have a globally distributed data center footprint.
